<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" id="data-uuid-1ddf61d4bd1849ad84242aa3cc008c40"><head><meta charset="utf-8" /><title>Glossary</title></head><body class="glossary"><header><h1 id="data-uuid-7427cf697be16a4ec1d916910128a59d920125e7">Glossary</h1></header><dl epub:type="glossary" role="doc-glossary"><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="morals" id="key-morals" role="term">morals</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">Beliefs about behavior as judged by society.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="ethics" id="key-ethics" role="term">ethics</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The philosophical study of what is right and wrong, good and bad.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="values" id="key-values" role="term">values</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">Beliefs or standards considered worthwhile, and from which a society derives its moral rules.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="Sarbanes-Oxley" id="key-Sarbanes-Oxley" role="term">Sarbanes-Oxley</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A federal statute that placed an onus on upper management to monitor closely the financial dealings and disclosures of their firms and that established a board to oversee accounting practices in the United States.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="duty based reasoning" id="key-duty-based-reasoning" role="term">duty based reasoning</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">ethical reasoning that is based on consequences of actions</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="outsome based reasoning" id="key-outsome-based-reasoning" role="term">outsome based reasoning</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">ethical reasoning based on creating the greatest good for the most people</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="code of ethics" id="key-code-of-ethics" role="term">code of ethics</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A set of rules that a company or other group adopts to express principles of ethical behavior that are expected of its personnel.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="stakeholders" id="key-stakeholders" role="term">stakeholders</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">People or groups who may be affected by a firm’s actions or decisions.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="whistleblower" id="key-whistleblower" role="term">whistleblower</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">An employee who discloses to the government, media, or upper management that the company is involved in wrongful or illegal activities.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="crime" id="key-crime" role="term">crime</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">An offense against the public at large punishable by the official governing body of a nation or state.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="tort" id="key-tort" role="term">tort</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A private wrong that injures another person’s physical well-being, property, or reputation.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="treason" id="key-treason" role="term">treason</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The levying of war against the United States, or the giving of aid and comfort to the nation’s enemies.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="felony" id="key-felony" role="term">felony</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A crime punishable by death or imprisonment in a federal or state prison for a term exceeding one year.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="misdemeanor" id="key-misdemeanor" role="term">misdemeanor</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A less serious crime that is generally punishable by a fine and/or a prison sentence of not more than one year.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="white-collar crime" id="key-white-collar-crime" role="term">white-collar crime</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A term used to describe various crimes that typically do not involve force or violence committed by and against businesses.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="RICO" id="key-RICO" role="term">RICO</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">One of the most successful laws used to combat white-collar crime, RICO prohibits an organization’s employees from engaging in a pattern of racketeering activity.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="securities fraud" id="key-securities-fraud" role="term">securities fraud</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A fraud that occurs when a person or company provides false information to potential investors to influence their decisions to buy or sell securities.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="Ponzi scheme" id="key-Ponzi-scheme" role="term">Ponzi scheme</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A type of securities fraud in which large gains are promised to investors, but in reality, newer investments are used to provide a return on older investments.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="arson" id="key-arson" role="term">arson</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The willful or malicious act of causing the burning of another’s property.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="burning to defraud" id="key-burning-to-defraud" role="term">burning to defraud</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A special category of crime providing for the punishment of persons who burn their own property with the aim of collecting insurance money.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="larceny" id="key-larceny" role="term">larceny</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The act of taking and carrying away the personal property of another without the right to do so.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="robbery" id="key-robbery" role="term">robbery</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The taking of property in the possession of another person against that person’s will and under threat of bodily harm.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="burglary" id="key-burglary" role="term">burglary</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The illegal entering of another person’s premises for the purpose of committing a crime.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="bribery" id="key-bribery" role="term">bribery</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The act of offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting something of value to influence official action or the discharge of a public duty.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="false pretenses" id="key-false-pretenses" role="term">false pretenses</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">A broad category of crimes that involve activities intended to deceive others or to obtain goods by making false claims.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="forgery" id="key-forgery" role="term">forgery</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The false making or alteration of a writing with the intent to defraud.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="perjury" id="key-perjury" role="term">perjury</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The crime of intentionally giving false oral or written statements under oath in a judicial proceeding after having sworn to tell the truth.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="embezzlement" id="key-embezzlement" role="term">embezzlement</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The wrongful taking of money or other property that has been entrusted to a person as a part of his or her job.</dd><dt class="glossentry" epub:type="glossterm" title="extortion" id="key-extortion" role="term">extortion</dt><dd epub:type="glossdef" role="definition">The act of taking or demanding money or other property from someone by using force, threats of force, or economic harm.</dd></dl></body></html>
